The LFONT file format

LFont files are used to store vector fonts for use in AutoCAD. A vector font means that each
character is represented as a set of lines and arcs (Poly objects, actually). These LFONT 
files are similar to AutoCAD SHP or SHX files (vector font files originally packaged with
AutoCAD), and in fact most LFONT files are derived by converting SHP files. 

An LFONT file is a text file that starts with a header line like this:

LFONT,simplex,1

This line contains the token LFONT, the name of the font, and the revision number (which is
always set to 1). 

The next line contains the following values:

NChars,Ascender,Descender,VAdvance

A typical example would be like:

176,100,-33,166.2

The meaning of these variables are:

NChars    : The number of character glyphs found in this font file
Ascender  : The height of the 'M' character (typically called the em-box) in the font, above 
            the baseline. In effect, you can consider this as the height of the font. 
Descender : Lowest position (relative to the baseline) of the bounding box bottoms of all
            the characters. For example, characters like g, y, descend below the baseline,
			and this value is the maximum value of such descent (this is a negative value)
VAdvance  : The recommended vertical spacing between consective lines of text

Following these two lines of header are the actual character records. Each character record
starts with a line that specifies the following:

CharCode,HAdvance,NPoly,Char

A typical example would be like:

107,0.81,3,k

The meanings of these variables are:

CharCode : The unicode character code, in this case 107 (meaning lower-case k) 
HAdvance : The width this character uses, in terms of Ascender units. In this case,
           if the ascender is 100, it means the character uses 0.81*100 = 81 units
		   by that scale
NPoly    : The number of Poly objects used to define this character
Char     : The actual character itself (in this case 'k') - this is not used by the 
           LFONT parser, but is more to assist easy reading of LFONT files

This is followed by NPoly lines each of which encode a Poly using the path specification
syntax of Poly. For this particular character, these lines look like:

 M52,0 L19,39
 M48,67 L0,19
 M0,0 V100

If you are familiar with the path specification syntax of Poly (see Poly class documentation),
you can easily see that these 3 lines define a shape that looks like a lowercase k. It is also
clear the k extends vertically from Y=0 to Y=100 (as evidenced by the last line). The glyph
uses a maximum width of 52 units, so using the recommended HAdvance would mean there is about
29 units of empty space between this character and the next one. 

Here's another character definiton, this time for a '+' sign:

43,1.24,2,+
 M85,43 H0
 M43,85 V0

This is made of 2 Polys. Note that a character can be defined with 0 Polys, as we can see
from this complete definition of the ' ' (space character): 

32,0.91,0, 

